Add version detection to FAQ (#1089)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/advanced/platform/frequently-asked-questions.mdx

Once you have defined the `build` [script](https://docs.npmjs.com/misc/scripts), this error will disappear. Furthermore, it will not be displayed if you are using `package.json` purely to provide dependencies for your serverless functions located inside the `api` directory.

## Platform Version Detection

> Now CLI will automatically upgrade your deployment to the newest platform version if your project meets certain criterias. In order for this to work for your project you must:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now CLI will automatically upgrade your deployment to the newest platform version if your project meets certain criterias. In order for this to work for your project, you must:
```

> Now CLI will automatically upgrade your deployment to the newest platform version if your project meets certain criterias. In order for this to work for your project, you must:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now CLI will automatically upgrade your deployment to the latest platform version if your project meets certain criterias. In order for this to work for your project, you must:
```

> Now CLI will automatically upgrade your deployment to the newest platform version if your project meets the following criterias. In order for this to work for your project you must:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now CLI will automatically upgrade your deployment to the newest platform version if your project meets certain criterias. In order for this to work for your project you must:
```

> * Remove any Dockerfile

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Remove any Dockerfile.
```

> * Remove the `type` property in your `now.json`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Remove the `type` property in your `now.json`.
```

> * Remove the `type` property in your `now.json`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Remove the `type` property from your `now.json` file
```

> * Remove the `start` script in your `package.json`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Remove the `start` script in your `package.json`.
```

> * Remove the `start` script in your `package.json`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Remove the `start` script from your `package.json` file
```

> * Remove the `server.js` file in the root of your project

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Remove the `server.js` file in the root of your project.
```

> * Remove the `server.js` file in the root of your project

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Remove the `server.js` file from the root of your project
```

It is possible to opt out of this behavior by creating a `now.json` file with a `version` property.

> If you've yet to upgrade to the latest platform version, please read our [upgrade guide](https://zeit.co/guides/migrate-to-zeit-now/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are yet to upgrade to the latest platform version, please read our [upgrade guide](https://zeit.co/guides/migrate-to-zeit-now/).
```

> If you've yet to upgrade to the latest platform version, find how with our [upgrade guide](https://zeit.co/guides/migrate-to-zeit-now/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've yet to upgrade to the latest platform version, please read our [upgrade guide](https://zeit.co/guides/migrate-to-zeit-now/).
```
